c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\gicmart.dll
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\gicmart.pdb
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\obj\Debug\gicmart.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\obj\Debug\gicmart.dll
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\gicmart\gicmart\obj\Debug\gicmart.pdb
<<<<<<< HEAD
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\gicmart.dll
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\gicmart.pdb
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\EntityFramework.dll
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\WebGrease.dll
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\EntityFramework.xml
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\obj\Debug\gicmart.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\obj\Debug\gicmart.dll
F:\gicmart\GICMART\gicmart\obj\Debug\gicmart.pdb
=======
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\gicmart.dll.config
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\gicmart.dll
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\gicmart.pdb
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\obj\Debug\gicmart.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\obj\Debug\gicmart.dll
E:\GicMartGitHub\GICMART\gicmart\obj\Debug\gicmart.pdb
>>>>>>> 7fe40160a7153f14f1515b98937556a8bb33b946
